# HCIoT
Health wearables and privacy are becoming more apparent in our everyday life. With a health wearable, we walk around generating tons of data the companies like Apple, Fitbit and other manufactures or service providers collect and analyze. More and more people start to loose control over their generated data, why the European Union is trying to impose more control in their citizens' favor with the newly released General Data Protection Regulation alias GDPR. This regulation is the most important change over data privacy in decades and many companies already released updated terms of use updating their privacy sections spamming us almost with this information. Moreover, many smaller service providers even took down their websites due to the fear of not being GDPR compliant. This shows that the GDPR is a new set of rules that imposes more power towards data privacy protection for their citizens.

The report [Health Wearables and Privacy](https://github.com/basacul/HCIoT/blob/master/health-wearables-privacy.pdf) gives an overview over the privacy concerns with data that was generated by commercial health wearables. Furthermore, we will have a look into different existing strategies and approaches, among which we will analyze a particular solution named Pilatus. With Pilatus in mind, we will check how we could impose privacy protection over this data and still allow companies to analyze the data, which would help them to improve their services and gain economic advantages over their competitors.



